Hello to all lovers of makeup and manicure
and today it is connected to me they will think that
it will be nice to show you how
make yourself so comfortable
the handle of cats is it korean
invention is a foundation in the form of
buttons that can be corrected makeup
during the day this head came to me because
the fact that her friend is bad
familiar public I live I
explained what they let them hear and
genius and why it is brilliant
such a small bath about which I
the mirror here you are here lies puff a
inside the foundation is poured
inside here is such a sponge
accordingly, it does not spill out
It is very convenient to transport it
very convenient to use sponzhikom
from latex in which do not breed
microbes in the morning like this I attach 7
movement is very spontaneous
beautiful smooth coating any super
convenient to correct makeup during the day
but with all its genius product
quite expensive because here itself
packaging and this whole system is worth
quite expensive
cheaper than 800 rubles and generally find
pretty hard
the second problem is that in europe
such a big trend for this kind
there is no product yet
and accordingly dark colors for
is there any strange European skin
pattona at least give a yellowish
there are no approaches in them but I decided that we
we can do exactly that for ourselves
hue that we want because even
the darkest is such a couchon on mine and
tanned skin will be extreme light
I rummaged the Internet with this only to my own
hands to do such a thing and basically
90 percent suggest just buy
empty packaging from eating they are status
from 15 20 dollars and I decided that this is already
absurd so let's figure out how
do it yourself out of scouts
some materials consider
the device itself is packaging here with us
inside the mirror is one small with help
we need to apply
the product it will be exactly with very small
The sponge should be a separator and
there must be a sponge inside
already with large pores and the product itself
inside it is such a concealer cheese and
moisturizing shooting range announcing from the sun
general mix what we need
first empty powder jar
preferably a mirror and preferably
deep secondly suitable in size
a sponge in which Santon will be and in her
there must be large pores with small
pores need a smaller sponge which
will apply
the product itself on the face type of sponge and of course
tonal basis of your shade for
oily skin matting base either
pore filling for dry skin
sunscreen with moisturizer
good effect you can right grass you
base if the coverage is not enough for
your preference then take more
dense rack concealer first thing to us
will need this good bunk
preferably such a deep package from
powders or tones ideally if they already
there is a split and additionally a sponge
it's just a dream so do such a kick
sometimes do papers in rouge milan you
you will find the same mirror too if without
mirrors such that it can be as
products called le mani di
absolutely perfect packaging, as it were
then under the jackpot and the most ideal of my
packaging Urumyan balls oriflame they me
I like them where I pour them
but the packaging itself simply requires and may
yes because deep and here just
there is a very successful sponge if you choose
packaging in which there is no sponge then you
You can get this very budget in
stores where either cosmetics is sold
either different household goods and
household chemicals
little advice if you are very fat
this skin is added a little bit
crumbly absorbent powder first
the tone is a bit darker for my shade
skin also i know i will add
more highlighting the base to me very
like the way she aligns
but she is whitish so tone i
immediately took a little bit darker
completely nacre because i am now
I love these basics and a little bit more
lighter concealer for density and
such a mix of skin care and base which
aligns pores and tightens them
the last thing we need is a q-tip
or spatula anything than we can it
mix well interfere interfere
for some reason, all whose videos I watched immediately
do this stop i recommend
first try preferably on the face
shade that suits you or
something must be added I think that such
fits and let's lower our sponge
inside here
fine i like the degree of coverage
everything suits me otherwise
you can raise your own this lower one
so let's say the sponge again add different
products mix and do the same again
put it down and that's it like this
we made it clear according to our needs
according to our skin tone is perfect
suitable for us products with a sponge for
make-up remover
Thanks for watching if you have
putting on an idea how even more convenient
do the same thing please
Share comments will be very
interesting and new meetings yet